New Template (#84)
Workiva/opentelemetry-dart: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Which problem is this PR solving?

> Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Reviewer: > List any dependencies that are required for this change.

What kind of dependencies? Like other dart libraries? I feel like having those listed here is redundant with the file changes that would be present in the pubspec.yaml

Reviewer 2: TBH, I don't know what they're referring to with respect to the dependencies section.  This template was copied from https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

However, I could see us listing the Dart version if a minimum is required for some language feature and in those cases, I think it's a good thing to remind folks to call out stuff like that.

Reviewer: Thinking about this more, perhaps they mean otel spec change dependencies or perhaps other PRs required before these changes can be merged/released

Fixes # (issue)

> ## Short description of the changes

Reviewer: nit: consistant pluralization
```suggestion
## Short description of the change
```

## Type of change

> Please delete options that are not relevant.

Reviewer: nit: can probably remove this line. I'm not sure it's a big deal whether they don't read this line and check a box, or read the line and leave only a single list item

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)

> - [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that is not backwards compatible)
```

> - [ ] This change requires a documentation update

Reviewer: What workflow does this list item promote? I feel like this item can be removed.

Reviewer 2: I think this is a good reminder to consider if documentation needs to change.  I'd vote to keep it and if it's not applicable, folks can delete it in their pr.

Reviewer: Fair. I feel like the list is disorganized. The first three items pertain to semver conventions and the fourth item is just a reminder. Unless the wording should be "Documentation change (no code changes)" and most likely means that no release should be cut.

## How Has This Been Tested?

> Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration

Reviewer: nit: consistant pluralization
```suggestion
Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your change. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration
```

> - [ ] Test A

Reviewer: nit: this line can probably be removed

Reviewer 2: I agree, I think we can remove lines 20-22.  On a CI, we ideally will be running all tests.

## Checklist:

> - [ ] Followed the style guidelines of this project

Reviewer: I believe we fail the build otherwise? If not, we should. In which case, this line can be removed

Reviewer 2: This is a good point.  I agree, we could remove this.

- [ ] Unit tests have been added

> - [ ] Documentation has been updated

Reviewer: What if these things aren't relevant? (I'm in favor of removing the checklist section)

Reviewer 2: I think the benefit of having a checklist is that it reminds us to consider things we may forget.  True, they may not apply to all PRs, but in those cases, these can be removed OR additional items can be added.
